capital = 121 
1931.1.1={
   set_oob = "JAP_1931"
   add_ideas=Militaristic_fervor

}

add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
    type = infantry_equipment
    amount = 100000
    producer = JAP
}
set_convoys = 200
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	basic_train = 1
	mobile_warfare = 1
	trade_interdiction = 1
	formation_flying = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
}

recruit_character = JAP_Hirohito

recruit_character = JAP_tetsu_katayama
recruit_character = JAP_kyuichi_tokuda
recruit_character = JAP_tomoyuki_yamashita
recruit_character = JAP_hisaichi_terauchi
recruit_character = JAP_shunroku_hata
recruit_character = JAP_akira_muto
recruit_character = JAP_kanji_ishiwara
recruit_character = JAP_shizuichi_tanaka
recruit_character = JAP_yasuji_okamura
recruit_character = JAP_toshizo_nishio
recruit_character = JAP_rikichi_ando
recruit_character = JAP_naruhiko_higashikuni
recruit_character = JAP_seishiro_itagaki
recruit_character = JAP_takashi_sakai
recruit_character = JAP_kenji_doihara
recruit_character = JAP_kenkichi_ueda
recruit_character = JAP_shigeru_honjo
recruit_character = JAP_yoshijiro_umezu
recruit_character = JAP_otozo_yamada
recruit_character = JAP_hatazo_adachi
recruit_character = JAP_iwane_matsui
recruit_character = JAP_sadao_araki
recruit_character = JAP_keisuke_fujie
recruit_character = JAP_kiichiro_higuchi
recruit_character = JAP_masaharu_homma
recruit_character = JAP_harukichi_hyakutake
recruit_character = JAP_jo_iimura
recruit_character = JAP_hitoshi_imamura
recruit_character = JAP_masatane_kanda
recruit_character = JAP_kuniaki_koiso
recruit_character = JAP_isoroku_yamamoto
recruit_character = JAP_mineichi_koga
recruit_character = JAP_kiyoshi_hasegawa
recruit_character = JAP_shigeyoshi_inoue
recruit_character = JAP_nobutake_kondo
recruit_character = JAP_takeo_takagi
recruit_character = JAP_soemu_toyoda
recruit_character = JAP_jisaburo_ozawa
recruit_character = JAP_zengo_yoshida
recruit_character = JAP_hiroaki_abe
recruit_character = JAP_tadashige_daigo
recruit_character = JAP_gengo_hyakutake
recruit_character = JAP_yoshitoshi_tokugawa
recruit_character = JAP_fushimi_hiroyasu
recruit_character = JAP_korechika_anami
recruit_character = JAP_mitsuo_fuchida
recruit_character = JAP_minoru_genda
recruit_character = JAP_tateo_kato
recruit_character = JAP_osami_nagano
recruit_character = JAP_torashiro_kawabe
recruit_character = JAP_shigetaro_shimada
recruit_character = JAP_yoshio_nishina
recruit_character = JAP_hideo_itokawa
recruit_character = JAP_kanin_kotohito
recruit_character = JAP_hideki_tojo
recruit_character = JAP_matome_ugaki
recruit_character = JAP_nishizo_tsukahara
recruit_character = JAP_hajime_sugiyama
recruit_character = JAP_chuichi_nagumo
recruit_character = JAP_hino_kumazo
recruit_character = JAP_mitsumasa_yonai
recruit_character = JAP_takuo_godo
recruit_character = JAP_chiune_sugihara
recruit_character = JAP_kingoro_hashimoto
recruit_character = JAP_sanzo_nosaka
recruit_character = JAP_hiroshi_oshima
recruit_character = JAP_kijuro_shidehara
recruit_character = JAP_kijiro_nambu
recruit_character = JAP_keiji_fukuda
recruit_character = JAP_jiro_horikoshi
recruit_character = JAP_hideki_yukawa
recruit_character = JAP_yoji_ito

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 0
	fascism = 100
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = fascism
	#last_election = "1936.11.11"
	election_frequency = 72
	elections_allowed = no
}
puppet = LSX
puppet = MCK
puppet = JDF
puppet = MGJ
puppet = YPQ
puppet = XIA
1933.1.1={
	set_oob = "JAP_1933"
	add_ideas=Militaristic_fervor
}
1944.1.1={
	set_oob = "JAP_1944"
	capital = 238
	JAP = {
		declare_war_on = {
			target = CHI
			type = annex_everything
		}
	}
	puppet = JDF
}